Walk them back on and bring our discussion back to something that we've previously talked about with
Dr. The idea of micro services architecture the idea that before we had this monolithic giant infrastructure
or code base that did everything for us all the big pieces all the small pieces all together in one
place running our application and logic.
Now with docker and AWOS now making things extremely easy for us to manage these machines and connect
them the idea of Micro's services has become more and more popular.
That is the idea to split your application into a set of smaller interconnected services.
Instead of building a single monolithic application and each Micro's service is a small application
that has its own architecture consisting of its own business logic and concerned with doing one thing
really well.
Now looking at this you're thinking this seems monolithic seems like a way better option than oldest
confusing things happening here and you may be right again.
It really really depends on what your company is doing.
However the one big benefit with Micro's services is that now you have these small chunks that can be
tested on their own that we can have different developer teams on their own and all of them can be released
individually to production one at a time.
We don't have to make sure that all the pieces work together.
I mean we still do but here we have to make sure that all developer teams work on one code base.
Nobody breaks anything and all the tests pass before we send it to production versus here where we can
have small individual teams that just worries about their one machine one service and make sure that
thats really really good and you can have a one updated production while the other one is maybe updated
in production two weeks from now.
And as long as they have what we call a service level agreement or SLA as long as they say hey just
make sure no matter what updates you do that you give me this return data or you respond to me this
way.
Then you can work individually on these boxes and it makes these massive companies that have so many
Daval teams work a lot more efficiently.
And this is a really interesting architecture that you really want to think about and keep an eye on
because it's going to become more and more popular as time goes on.
All right let's get back to Amazon Web Services and talk about lambda functions in the next video.